Sorry to bother you Detective,
but we have a new case for you.
You are informed that there has been a suspected murder
at the wealthy Lord Roland
Hawthorne’s birthday party, at his home.
The apparent cause of death is poison.
You head to the location specified in the phone call
and as you make your way up the driveway,
you notice the well kept grounds with an array of plants.
You get to the door and
you are greeted by the Butler.
The butler takes you to the study, where you find Lord Hawthorne’s body.
You examine the body closer. There are no signs of traumatic injury.
You check the glass of half drunk whiskey.
There’s a smell you recognise, but can’t quite put your finger on.
You do however notice a pendant on the floor,
perhaps from a necklace or bracelet.
You follow the butler out of the study and into the living room.
You find the party guests.
All 3 of them.
Lord Hawthorne was a bit of a recluse you see,
so only a few people were invited.
This is Lady Clarissa Hawthorne.
The loving, if not slightly young, second wife of Lord Hawthorne.
This is Alistair Hawthorne. Son of Lord Hawthorne and his first wife, Elizabeth.
He is often away at boarding school.
And finally, this is Doctor William Medicus.
Long time friend and family doctor for the Hawthorne’s.